CM called landlord at 3:53pm. Landlord has a home in 78702 zip code that should be ready to be shown in a week and will contact CM to show the home after the AC is installed. Landlord will accept $1370/month for home in 78702 zip code as that is the new FMR for that area. CM thanked landlord and emailed his PM , "Hi , I spoke to and he said he would accept $1370/month for the one bedroom home y’all are working on getting ready in the 78702 zip code. said either he or you would contact me when the home is ready to be shown after the AC is installed. estimated in one week. I have a client in mind and she would be ready to move in by 10/1. She has already been successfully housed for almost 6 months. The current property she is at does not accept rental assistance anymore, which is why she is looking to move. Should I send the application to you? Thank you so much for your help, LMSW".
CL called CM at 1:32pm. CL was crying. CL cancelled meeting with CM today because private landlord chose someone else to rent their home to. CM offered condolences and to meet CL at their apartment today at 3:30pm. CL declined and said CL will call CM next week. CL hung up.
CM received a call from CL at 3:58pm. CL lost their phone and is using an old wifi phone number. CL found a one bedroom home in Buda with their realtor and is speaking to the landlord tonight. CL already saw the home and would like CM to inspect it so CL can move ASAP. CL and CM scheduled to meet at the home on Friday 9/9/22 at 3:30pm. CL will meet CM at the property. CM sent CL an email calendar reminder.
CL's known locations information for eCourt migration.
CM and CL received the following email from PM, "Good afternoon, As we've previously discussed, the lease agreements community rules prohibit the storing of any gas-fueled vehicle/motorcycle in any apartment, breezeway, stairway, or walkway. This is a fire safety rule. Please contact me at your earliest convenience to discuss this. Warm Regards". CM replied to PM and CL, "Hi, Please comply with the apartment’s rules for motorcycle storage. is unable to pay for any lease violations. Thank you, LMSW". CL responded, "Hello, not sure if my previous email went through but, I removed it immediately and it will never happen again. Also, I was approved today for a new place and will be out by Oct 1st. Thanks".
CM arrived as scheduled with CL at 2pm at CL's home. CM knocked on the door and CL took 10 minutes to open the door. CL came out and said their apartment is a mess and they would like to meet somewhere else. CM suggested meeting in the leasing office community room. CL forgot the apartment is fixing CL's broken window today and they are on their way over. Maintenance showed up to repair CL's window at 2:25pm. CL showed them the window and let them into their apartment; CL's boyfriend is home. CL took an additional 10-15 minutes to gather their belongings. CM and CL met each other at the leasing office since CM was in their personal car. CL's application was not chosen at the duplex but the property manager is going to apply CL's application fee to another duplex CL is interested in. CL would like to work on their resume because CL wants an office job. CL and CM tried several log ins for CL's Indeed account. CL was not able to access former account because CL did not have access to former email addresses. CL and CM made CL a new Indeed account with Google. CL remembered at 3:20pm that CL's boyfriend has a dental appointment and CL needs to go home. CL asked CM if CM has any pads. CM gave CL pads from CMs personal supply. CL will contact CM to schedule next meeting. INCENTIVES GIVEN: 1 (CL has a car).
CM responded to CL's email, "Hi, I can meet you tomorrow at 2pm. Does that work for you? Thank you, LMSW". CL, "Sure". CL, "If you could please send me a letter on letterhead stating that the city of Austin paying the rent by hand WITH A CHECK on the 1st with a check that is NOT a voucher or a section 8 or through the housing authority and if they have any questions they should contact you and please leave your contact information. If you could not mention anything about increasing my income or focusing on my future goals that would be cool, I dont wanna seem like a headcase and I just basically want to verify the rent amount and that the city is covering, MAKE SURE THEY KNOW its with a check, thats NOT section 8 or a housing authority voucher. If you could say something in the letter like all I need for you to do is register with the city as a vendor by clicking on this link that I'll email you once the application is approved Then I can pay you in person with a check each month on the 1st or before. Please include the amount covered of 1236.00 plus all deposits and utilities. Please say something like, theres no catch, no voucher, its really just guaranteed rent, paid by check, in person, guaranteed on time, thru the City of Austin. Theres no need to include the duration as they offer a 9 month lease. I feel like giving them an end date gives them an excuse to deny my application. Please send it to me asap so I can FWD it to the rental company! Give me a call if you have any questions. Im hoping to get the ball rolling so that we can get a request in for a rent check by Sept 1st. Rent is 1200. This is very exciting!! Thanks so much! P.S. The washer dryer were delivered today and they brought me a used unit, so we need to call them and have them change our bill so that we are charged accordingly, as I believe we are being billed for a brand new set. Thanks again." CM, "Great! I’ll see you at 2pm tomorrow at your place. emailed me and let me know your window will be repaired tomorrow between 9am-5pm. is reviewing the letter I wrote for you and I’ll have it to you after she reviews it. Thank you, LMSW". CM, "Hi , Attached is the letter you requested. As I cannot control our accounting department, I cannot put in writing that rent will be paid by the first. I have not turned in anyone’s rent check late and I do not expect to, but I cannot put that in writing since that is not entirely in my control. Thank you, LMSW". Letter saved in CL's confidential file.
CM had a missed call from CL when CM was o-o-o this morning. CL also emailed CM requesting CM pay for CL's application fee, "Please log onto TexasIncomeProperty.com to pay application fee of $53.00". CL's voicemail stated CL was denied at previous property because of low credit. CM attempted to call CL back but CL's phone went to voicemail and their voicemail is full. CM logged in and paid the application fee. CM replied to CL's email, "Hi , I tried to call you back but your phone went to voicemail and your voicemail is full. I paid the $53.00 fee online for the application. I recommend you contact Experian to obtain a free copy of your credit report. That will help us see what properties are seeing when they run your credit. Thank you, LMSW". CL, "Thanks! Meet this week?"
CM had a missed call from CL while CM was on a meeting. CL left a voicemail requesting the Appliance Warehouse phone number and letting CM know that CL *does not* want to meet on Friday. CM attempted to call CL back after the meeting but CL did not answer. CM left CL a voicemail. CM offered to meet CL on Tuesday 8/23/22 at 3:30pm at CL's home.
CM arrived at CL's home 3pm as scheduled with CL. CL answered the door and met with CM outside. CL has a friend over and CL thought CM would not show up because of how CL communicated with CM yesterday. CM reminded CL that they scheduled this appointment last week and CM just spoke with CL yesterday. CM confirmed with CL that their application fee was paid online for the private landlord duplex in Leander. CL is depressed and broke up with their boyfriend. CL is not feeling hopeful about the future since CL admits to being co-dependent and likes always having a partner. CL has a friend over and does not want to meet with CM today. CL's friend is helping CL not return to substance use and CM suggested CL do something healthy and positive that makes them feel like themself. CL feels safe and supported by their friend. CL would possibly like to meet on Friday but is not sure yet. CL asked CM to call CL on Thursday. CM agreed to call CL Thursday and if CM does not hear from CL on Thursday, they will not meet on Friday. CL understands and agrees. CM and CL tentatively scheduled to meet Friday 8/19/22 at 2pm at CL's home. INCENTIVES GIVEN: 1 GIFT CARD.
CL emailed CM at 9:50am yesterday while CM was out of the office, "Good Morning!! I found a place, in an approved zip code, that will accept my assistance. The app is online as well as the app fee. Are you in the office today? I know you have appointments, that you're very very busy, and I know how very valuable your time is. During our appointments you always give me your full attention. You help me with anything and everything you possibly can in the allotted time we have. I definitely do not want to take time away from anyone else, BUT, these places go SO FAST!!! I was hoping to fill out the application completely then possibly stop by to see you so that you can enter the payment information first the $75 app fee. These houses go SO FAST and this one is SUPER NICE and they just REDUCED the rent, so its very time sensitive. Lmk when/if I can swing by or meet up with you. It will literally only be long enough for you type in the card info and thats it! We will definitely still have our appt tomorrow, unless you have something open today, then just stick me in that spot, please! Im just fearful that if we wait til tmrw to apply, it'll be gone like all the other beers I've liked then tried for, and ohhhh sorry, they JUST accepted an application, keep trying! I have a REALLY GOOD FEELING about this one. Please?? Please lets apply today!! Also, the realtor told me I needed to hurry and get my app in before someone else does. I have everything in place, all we need is to pray the $75 app fee. A money order to TexCen Realty will also work! Thank you SO MUCH in advance for your prompt attention to this matter!! Best". CM responded at 10:18am, I'm so glad you found a place that accepts rental assistance! I am sick out of the office today but if you send me the log in information to the application when youre done filling it out, I can log in from home and pay the fee. Does that work? Thank you, Rachel". CL responded at 10:23am, "F**********CCCCCCKKKKKK!!! IDK, HOPEFULLY it will allow me to save and go back in to pay. Fingers crossed. Dude, I am seriously praying on this one. I hope it works. I'm so sorry that youre sick. Do you think you will feel better tmrw or do OK reschedule our appt for later in the week? I'm open, lmk! Thanks! Feel better bro". CM responded at 11:08am, "Hi Do you want to send me the link and I'll apply for you online and pay at the same time? I should be ok by tomorrow for our appointment, just a bit of stomach upset today. Thank you". CL replied, "Absolutely. But I have to upload docs and what not. Call me please! Lets figure this out". CM called CL. CL will complete application online then call CM when CL is finished completing the application so CM can log into CL's account and pay the application fee. CL emailed CM at 5:45pm, "Hey hey! Log in". CL emailed again at 8:29pm, "Hey, I thought you were going to go ahead and go online and pay the app fee of $75 so that I could get my foot in the door at the condo? I'm worried that someone else is going to apply and I'm going to miss out on yet ANOTHER opportunity... I dont understand what happened. You said to complete the app and then email you and then you would go online and pay the app fee. But it's still sitting saying the same message, "to complete app.." instead of "app complete" I'm hoping it wont be too late once you get around to it. Ughhhhh this shits so damn depressing. Shit like this is what makes me want to curl up in a ball in my bed and just never come out. It gives me so much free floating anxiety that I stand there constantly swaying back and forth and I don't even realize I'm doing it. Then, I'll notice that Ive been chewing on the inside of my lip, but only after I've bitten so much of my cheek off inside my mouth that I taste the copper tinge of a mouthfull of blood and even then, Ill stay so anxious that I'll keep on chewing on it, knowing I'm ripping my cheek apart. It's subconsciously doing it without me knowing or else I do notice but the urge to bite it overpowers the common sense telling me to stop since its bleeding so much I have to keep spitting it out. I hate HATE hate hate this everything up in the air, nothing settled, not knowing what tomorrow will bring, and then eventually not even caring what tomorrow will bring. I hate this feeling... I thought I could count on you to do what you said you'd do. I bet you anything its going to be too late once you get around to paying it." CM logged into CL's account and paid CL's application fee. CM did not have a missed call from CL and CM does not regularly check emails when CM is out of the office sick. CM responded at 8:39pm, "Hi, I apologize. As I stated earlier when we spoke, I was out sick today. I just logged on and paid the application fee. Thank you, LMSW".
CM and CL met as scheduled at CL's home at 2pm. CL and CM ordered CL's BC from VitalChek. CL called Austin Energy to get online account access to get past due utility bills. Austin Energys website for creating new accounts is down. Austin Energy took down CL's email address and will request CL is emailed their previous electric bills as CL's electricity is facing disconnection due to nonpayment/CL not giving CM CL's electric bills. At 2:30pm Property Manager from arrived and informed CL that CL's window is being replaced tomorrow, which was previously broken during police raid. PM asked CL to move CL's motorcycle from CL's apartment and CL has to park it in a parking spot. CL cannot park motorcycle in the breezeway either. CL's previous motorcycle was stolen from the parking lot and was not helpful to CL in locating it. PM also emailed CL and CM earlier and requested a response. CL and CM emailed 6 rental listings and text messaged 4 rental listing property owners. CL's realtor, is in contact with properties for CL as well. CM called, they have high point north 2 one bedrooms available and CL can apply. CL declined these properties and CL might not qualify anyway since they require $3075+ per month income. CL and CM called, reordered washer and dryer rental that was never delivered because CL was in the hospital - $98.49. CL's washer/dryer is scheduled to be delivered 8/19/22. CL mentioned CL's boyfriend is in the home but does not want to meet CM. CM said that's OK. CM has seen CL's boyfriend walking out of CL's apartment once before. CM and CL formulated a response to PM email together, "Good morning, I hope you are both well. Reaching out for an update on the move-out. I do see the full month of August was paid and can extend that early termination agreement to end on 8/31/22. Please kindly reply with confirmation and any updates. I tried calling you but the number you gave me is not in service. Please provide current contact information. Thank you! Warm Regards. CM replied with CL copied, "Hi, CL and I are still apartment searching and applying at apartments for her. The housing and rental market in Austin is very challenging right now and is even more challenging when using rental assistance for rent payments. CL has not had any issues at her apartment since you and I spoke on 7/21/22. My program will continue to pay rent in full until she is accepted at another apartment. Thank you, LMSW". At 3:35pm, CL feels accomplished from meeting today and would like to schedule to meet next week. CM offered to keep calling properties with CL but CL declined and stated CL would call properties on their own. CL is talking to their boyfriend's father about renting a duplex as they have some upcoming. CM already sent CL information on how landlords can register in the city's vendor system. CL and CM scheduled to meet Tuesday 8/16/22 at 3pm at CL's home. CL requested two gift cards. CM explained the incentive policy is one gift card and one bus pass if CL is working on goals. If CL applies for an apartment or accomplishes a goal outside of meeting with CM, CM can give CL extra gift cards. CL was a little irritated but understands. CL has a working car. INCENTIVES GIVEN: ONE GIFT CARD.
CM called CL at 2:05pm at 737-747-9245. CL and CM scheduled to meet on Wednesday 8/10/22 at 2pm at CL's home. CL is speaking to , apartment locator now, and will call CM back in a few minutes. CL did not call back.
CM arrived at CL's home as scheduled with CL at 2:45pm. CM knocked on the door, no answer. CM knocked again loudly, no answer. CM did not hear CL's dog. CM attempted to call CL on both CL's phone numbers at 2:50pm and 2:51pm and both numbers are not in service. CM emailed CL, "Hey, I'm here at your place knocking on your door but there is no answer. I tried to call both the phone numbers I have for you, and neither are in service. I will wait until 3pm for you then you can call, or respond to this email to reschedule. Thank you, LMSW". CM received a call from an unknown number, at 2:53pm. CL is paying their phone bill and on their way home. CL asked CM to wait for CL. CM explained CM can wait for 15 minutes and after that, CL will have to reschedule with CM. CL mapped how long it will take them to get home and CL is 16 minutes away. CL asked if CM can meet with CL at a location halfway. CM declined. CL asked CM to call CL on Monday to reschedule and hung up.
CM attempted to call CL to remind CL of their meeting tomorrow but "the person you are calling cannot accept calls at this time". CM emailed CL, "Hey, I tried to call and remind you of our meeting tomorrow at 2:45pm, but your phone is not accepting calls at this time. I will see you tomorrow at 2:45pm. Thank you, LMSW ".
CM Rachel stopped by CL's apartment when CM dropped off the rent. CL answered and CM met with CL inside their apartment. CL is going to look at apartments tomorrow. CM emailed CL the approved zip code list for ESG since CL is looking in Austin suburbs. CL looked for their electric bill but couldnt find it. CL will call Austin Energy tomorrow to set up online account access and email CM their username and password so CM can pay CL's past due electric bills. CL is still not working. CL and CM scheduled to meet Friday at 2:45pm to call apartments together or apply at an apartment if CL finds one when they are searching tomorrow. NO INCENTIVES GIVEN.
CM Rachel had two missed calls from CL. CL found their old phone and is now using phone number,. CL requested CM to email CL a promissory note and how to sign up for the city's vendor system because CL is looking at duplexes. CM attempted to call CL back and CL did not answer. CM left a voicemail for CL letting CL know the times CM is available to meet next week. CM left their contact information on the voicemail. CL also email CM, "Heres the email of the agent to send the paperwork to. Thanks so much for your help! Lets set up a time to meet early next week to go view some properties possibly? Let me know what works for you. Best". CM responded,"Hi, Attached is a program support letter for you. I can send a promissory note to a potential landlord once I have that person’s name, contact information and rental amount information. I cannot send a blanket promissory note to a leasing agent. I am able to meet with you on Thursday 8/4/22 at 12:30pm or Friday 8/5/22 at 2:30pm. Please let me know which works best for you. Below are the instructions for new vendors – In order for us to request a check for the client’s application fee, security deposit and rent, you will need to enroll in the City of Austin’s vendor system. (I understand that many organizations can cut a check with only a W-9, but the City government does require vendors to enroll in the vendor system. Luckily, it’s a pretty painless online process!) I am attaching the promissory letter for this client, which notes that vendor registration must be completed before the City can make payments. Enrollment is a pretty quick process, and can be done entirely online. For assistance, you can contact the vendor help desk. They are incredibly knowledgeable and, of course, helpful if you run into any challenges. Thank you, LMSW".
CM received a call from CL. CL is going to look at private landlord duplex today. CL will get landlords contact information so CM can email CL instructions on how to sign up for the citys vendor registration. CM asked CL if they would like to schedule a time to meet this week. CL said yes then started talking to someone else. CL told CM they will call CM back later after they speak to the potential new landlord then hung up.
CM received a call from property manager. is concerned about CL as CL's boyfriend has "reappeared." will give CL an extension until mid-August prior to starting eviction processes if everything "stays quiet" with CL. requested CM keep contact. CM thanked. CM attempted to call CL but CL did not answer. CM left voicemail updating CL on the above information and requested again that CL call CM to schedule meeting with CM. CM left their phone number in the voicemail.
CM had a missed call and voicemail after work hours from CL. CL took a muscle relaxer and fell asleep, which is why CL did not answer when CM came by yesterday for their scheduled appointment. CL apologized and requested to reschedule. CM attempted to call CL back at 10:04am. CL did not answer. CM left CL a message with CMs availability and requested CL call CM back to reschedule.
CM arrived at CL's apartment at 3pm. CM knocked on the door and there was no answer. CM did not hear CL's dog bark. CM knocked again, no answer. CM called CL at 3:01pm. CL did not answer. CM left CL a voicemail reminding CL of the appointment they set up together, letting CL know that CM will wait 15 minutes and after 3:15pm, CL needs to call or email CM to reschedule. CM waited outside CL's apartment until 3:16pm. CL did not arrive nor did anyone enter or leave CL's apartment. CM left CMs business card on CL's door and left.
CM had two missed calls from CL when CM was working triage shift. CM attempted to call CL back and CL did not answer. CM left CL a voicemail reminding CL of meeting with CM tomorrow 7/18/22 at 3pm at CL's apartment.
CM attempted to re-order CL's washer/dryer rental, but they would not allow CM to replace the order is in the CL's name. CM attempted to call CL but CL's phone went to voicemail. CM left CL a detailed message with the information CM also emailed to CL, "Hi, Below is your account number with and their phone number (regular business hours, Mon - Fri 6:30am - 7:30pm CST). They require you to call since the account is in your name to re-order the washer and dryer rental. Or you can call the number and add me to your account so I can re-order the washer and dryer rental for you. Thank you, LMSW".
CM arrived at CL's apartment at 2:30pm as scheduled with CL. CM gave CL requested clothes and hygiene items. CL would not allow CM into CL's apartment since CL's apartment was still a mess from SWAT. SWAT moved CL's washer/dryer CL purchased online away from the wall and water got everywhere. CM previously ordered CL a washer/dryer but CL cancelled the order since CL was in the hospital. CL requested CM re-order their rental washer/dryer. CL's motorcycle was stolen last night, so CL needed to make a police report. CL walked their dog and got dressed using clothes CM brought. CL's InstaCart order was late and CL wanted to wait for it to be delivered. CL was ready to go to apartment tour at at 3:15pm. As CM and CL were leaving, CL requested to pick up CL's 12 medications from on Montopolis. CM transported CL to pick up CL's medications. CL was able to pick up 8 medications. CM drove CL. CM and CL were given a tour. CL applied for available one bedroom. CM drove to and got money order while CL filled out application. CL signed ROI for so CM could email CL's vital documents. CM emailed and copied CL. Leasing agent said it would take 3-4 weeks to process CL's application. If CL does not meet 2.5x rental income, CL will ask CL's father to be a guarantor on CL's application. CM drove CL back to CL's apartment. CL grateful for CMs help and CM working late to assist CL. CL does not want to dispute their apartment's request for CL to move out to avoid eviction. CL does not want CM to contact Austin Tenants Council. CL requested bus passes since CL's car isnt working. CL is trying to go back to work next week. CL and CM scheduled to meet on Tuesday 7/19/22 at 3pm at CL's apartment. CM sent CL an email reminder for the appointment with CM. CM left CL's apartment at 6:09pm. INCENTIVES GIVEN: 7 1-DAY BUS PASSES, 2 GIFT CARDS (CL GIVEN 3 EXTRA GIFT CARDS TO OFFSET CL's BOSS PAYING FOR CL's PREVIOUS RENTAL APPLICATION. REMANDER OF INCENTIVES GIVEN IN NOTE 48). 
CM had a missed call from CL. CM called CL back. CL will call City of Austin to make an online account to get copy of previous bill, which is past due. CL's washer and dryer never got delivered. CL said it got refunded to CM-S card. CL would still like washer and dryer. CL does not want CM to contact Austin Tenants Council. CL would like to move instead. CL understands the rental market is very difficult right now. CL would still like to apply. CL lost job due to hospitalization. CL does not have any socks, underwear, bras, hygiene items, shirts, or pants due to CL's clothing being destroyed during the SWAT entry to CL's apartment. CM emailed CL link to Dress for Success. CL and CM scheduled to meet tomorrow 7/14/22 at 2:30pm at CL's apartment. CM will bring requested items for CL.
CL emailed CM two past due bills for City of Austin and Texas Gas. CM responded to CL, "Thanks! I will get these paid today. We cannot pay the late fees on any bills though. Are you back in the hospital this week? I'd like to set up a time to meet with you. Thank you, LMSW". CM emailed CL again, "Hi, Can you please send me your City of Austin bill for $353.20? I could only pay $132.78 (this amount is minus the late fee) since that is the only detailed bill you sent to me for City of Austin. Per our grant requirements, we need the detailed bill statement in order to make payment. If you’d like to give me your log in to your online account, I could also retrieve it from there. I also paid Texas Gas for $133.32. Thank you, LMSW".
CL called CM at 11:04am from new phone number. Someone reported CL's apartment as a drug house. Yesterday, SWAT threw in fire bombs with gas to CL's apartment. SWAT didnt find anything and no one went to jail. Apartment complex is giving CL chance to move out on CL's own or they will proceed with eviction. CL was in the hospital with cellulitis in CL's leg previously so CL's mom and boyfriend were are CL's apartment helping CL. Apartment complex complained about number of people helping CL and wanted CL to add their mom and boyfriend to their lease even though CL's mom and boyfriend live elsewhere. CM thanked CL for sharing and validated CL's concerns. CL will go to to apply today as that is the only complex CM knows of with availability currently. CM called CL back at approximately 2:15pm. ESG program is able to assist CL in locating new apartment and paying new security deposit. CM relayed information from apartment complex in note 55. CL would like to move ASAP and will go to today if CL does not go back into the hospital. CL's leg is swollen again and CL might have to go back to the hospital. CL ended the call to speak to apartment complex.
CM attempted to contact at after speaking with CM-S . Mandalay did not answer. CM emailed, "Hi there, I just tried to give you a call but it went to voicemail. It sounds like you were able to speak to my supervisor. Please give me a call when you are able. Thank you, LMSW". at called CM back and said an "incident happened yesterday". will have call CM back after 9am. CM logged into rental portal and CL received a lease violation, "Please review agreement paragraph 11.1. Incident on 7/7/22 - eyewitness reported SWAT entered the home at approx 4 am and 3 people detained from your apartment". CM spoke to property manager at at 11:44am. wants CL to move out "immediately" but will give CL "to the end of the month at this point". Sandra does not want to move forward with a legal eviction for CL but "will if things escalate". Sandra emailed CL and CM the following email at 2:45pm, "Dear Victoria, As per our conversation, the early termination agreement is enclosed for your review. When you get a chance please come in and we can both sign. As per the agreement, we have you scheduled for move-out on 07/31/2022. To ensure your move-out transition goes as smoothly as possible, we ask upon moving out, you: 1. Pease carefully follow the enclosed move-out instructions. Please note, that carpets are to be professionally cleaned. If you have pets review the required added pet treatments. Please provide the receipt for proof of completion to the leasing office upon moving out when turning in your keys. 2. Contact the City of Austin at and Texas Gas Service at to request a final meter reading based on your move-out date. 3. During the summer months, do not turn off your A/C. Please turn up the thermostat to 80 degrees. 4. Turn in your apartment key, mailbox key, pool passes, gate remote, parking stickers, etc to Management Office. 5. Provide the Management Office with your forwarding address and new phone number. We require that you leave your apartment at move-out in the same condition it was at move-in. If you would like to be present during the move-out inspection, please be sure to contact the Management Office in advance for an appointment and be sure all items are removed from the apartment prior to the inspection. Provided you have turned in your keys and given the Management Office your forwarding address, we will mail any applicable Security Deposit refund, within 30-45 business days after the move-out inspection is completed. You may not deduct the amount of the Security Deposit from the last month’s rent. Please be advised if you move out leaving any unpaid balance, the amount owed will be sent to a collections agency. This may result in a negative report to credit bureaus and may affect your credit rating. It is extremely important to clear your account balance at move out or immediately after receiving the Move-Out Acknowledgement Letter. We advise that you provide the Post Office with your forwarding address at least two weeks in advance of your move-out date. You will not be able to check your mailbox once your keys have been turned into the Management Office. We wish you the best in your future endeavors. Respectfully,
Triage received a call from stating there is an emergency with clients unit. CL was arrested this morning at 4am, though Inmate Search has not registered client charges just yet. Staff say there is a leak in clients unit but maintenance are unable to enter the unit because there is a dog loose inside. Staff requested come secure the dog so maintenance can repair the leak. CM out on medical leave. CM-S notified. contact : 
CM attempted to call and emailed CL letting CL know CM is positive for COVID. CL's voicemail was full so CM could not leave a message. CM emailed CL the following email with whom to contact in CMs absence, "Hi there, I am out of the office from July 1 through potentially July 10; I tested positive for COVID last night. I will respond to your message when I return to the office. Thank you for your patience and I apologize for the inconvenience. If you need assistance with signing up for the housing voucher waitlist (flyer attached) or need to pick up a bus pass, clients can walk into  to meet with a triage case manager Monday-Friday 8am-5pm. CL's can also contact triage case management at during my absence. FYI our office is closed Monday, July 4 for Independence Day and will reopen Tuesday, July 5. Thank you, LMSW". **CL IS AT RISK OF LOSING RENTAL ASSISTANCE, CL NEEDS TO RE-ESTABLISH CONTACT WITH CM**
CM was in the area of CL's apartment. CM left CMs business card at CL's apartment front door with a note on the back requesting CL to contact CM since CL has not returned CMs phone call or email.
CM attempted to call client but CL did not answer. CM left a voicemail for CL with CMs phone number requesting to meet with CL. CM also emailed CL, "Hi, I hope you are well! I tried to give you a call and left you a voicemail. I would like to meet with you this or next week. I can meet at your apartment or my office. I am available Friday at 3pm or Monday at 3pm or 4pm. Would any of those work for you? Thank you, LMSW".
CL no showed for scheduled meeting on Wednesday 5/25/2022 at 2:30pm.
CL called CM at 3:20pm. CL is still working and will call CM tomorrow to reschedule. CL never called CM back.
LATE ENTRY 5/23/2022 - CL called CM and client is in the office area. CL would like to meet with CM. CM offered to meet with client at 12pm at the office. CL will be at the office by 12pm. CL arrived at the office at 12pm. CM met with client at CMs desk. CL's washer and dryer being redelivered today or tomorrow since client needs new set due to clients allergies. CL needs help with resume creation. CL to meet with CM Wednesday 5/25/2022 at 2:30pm after client gets off work. CM Ballew agreed to give client additional gift cards to offset cost of clients boss paying for clients application fee, $60.00. CL needs clothes for interviewing. CM will ask about Goodwill gift card for clothes. CM also told client about "Dress for Success." INCENTIVES GIVEN: 4 HEB GIFT CARDS.
CM spoke to client on the phone at 2:20pm. CL's washer and dryer is being delivered now, the delivery was delayed. CL would still like to meet with CM today but is not sure if client will make it to the office before CMs 4pm meeting. **IF CLIENT PRESENTS TO TRIAGE, CLIENT IS PERMITTED TWO HEB OR WALMART GIFT CARDS**
CM had a missed call and voicemail from client. CM attempted to call client back but received clients voicemail. CM left a voicemail. CM reminded client their washer and dryer will be delivered tomorrow/Thursday. CM offered more times to meet with client; DACC office tomorrow at 12pm or 2pm or Friday at clients apartment at 4pm. CL's boss paid for their apartment application fee and CM is able to double up on gas incentive cards the next three weeks to help offset the cost. CM also emailed client the above information as well.
CM ordered washer and dryer for client to be delivered on Thursday. CM notified client via email and also requested to meet with client on Wednesday at 4pm to help with clients resume.
CM attempted to order a rental washer/dryer. CM left client a VM requesting clients availability for delivery. CM sent client the following email cc CM : "Good afternoon! We are arranging to have a washer/dryer delivered to your apartment. This can happen as early as next week, but we’ll need to know if/when you’re available to meet the delivery person. If you will not be available, you’ll need to give the property staff permission to access your unit for the delivery/installation. Additionally, any pet in the unit will need to be secured on delivery day. Please give a call or reply to this email with your preferred date next week. (At the moment, the website is showing all days available for delivery.) Best, LCSW ESG-CV Clinical Case Manager Supervisor"
CM, accompanied by CM, met client at her residence on this date at approximately 3:30 p.m. CL was slow to answer the door and stated that she is feeling sick. CL suspects she has chronic bronchitis. CL's phone is not currently working, but she will reach out to CM when it is repaired. CL declined to schedule a follow up appointment until she is feeling better. CL requested assistance getting a washer/dryer for her unit. CL also reported that she had borrowed money from her boss to pay the application fee at Mandalay; she requested reimbursement, but CM reported that is likely not possible. CL reported that her vehicle was recently damaged in a collision. CL was given ONE 7-DAY BUS PASS and TWO GIFT CARDS.
LATE ENTRY - CM met Mandalay PM Sandra on 4/20 and conducted inspection of unit #1111. Unit passed habitability standards inspection. CM provided promissory note for admin fee, security deposit, prorated April rent, and May rent. All charges except May rent and utilities were paid via resident portal with ProCard on 4/21. A check for remaining charges was delivered to the property on Friday 4/29. CL presented to the property on Friday 4/22 to sign her lease and receive keys; clients furniture order was placed on Monday 4/25. CM met client on Tuesday 4/26 to purchase household items at Big Lots. 
CL presented to triage at 4pm, CM-S Kate had already left. CL provided with detailed information as to how to set up her electric and utility accounts. CL appeared confident she could do it on her own. TWO HEB GIFT CARDS PROVIDED. 
CM spoke with client via telephone on 4/13. CM and client will meet on 4/15 at approximately 2:30 p.m. at DACC to complete utility setup and other tasks to prepare for move-in.
LATE ENTRY - CM exchanged VMs and emails with client regarding . CL had submitted an application there, and CM communicated with leasing agent . Ariana reported that client had paid the $60 application fee, and $150 admin is due; CM agreed to request a check for this amount. Ariana also reported that clients application was accepted and provided a reservation worksheet and utility verification form. CM agreed to coordinate with client to prepare for 4/23 move-in.
CM attempted to call client on 3/30; the line did not ring, and the VM box was full. CM sent the following email: "Good afternoon! I attempted to call, but your mailbox is full… I hope this email will suffice! Just wanted to check in and possibly schedule a meeting. I received confirmation that my program can now offer up to 12 months of rent assistance, so hopefully that will help your application. I’ll try to stop by on Friday to let them know and provide documentation if needed. Hope to talk to you soon. Best, LCSW ESG Clinical Case Manager"
CM spoke with client via telephone on this date at approximately 10:25 a.m. CM relayed information from yesterdays email. CL stated that she now has income, but it is $440/week and not sufficient to meet the 2.5x requirement. CM inquired whether client wanted to look elsewhere while PM seeks an exception. CL stated she would call CM back.
CM exchanged VMs and briefly spoke with client via telephone throughout the week. Confusion was expressed re: RRH vs. Section 8 funding, and other aspects of clients application at CM presented to Bellingham Park on 3/17 and met with the property manager. PM explained that client must show income that is 2.5x rent because RRH funding is only for 6 months. CM explained the program goals/intentions, and PM was receptive. She stated that she would appeal with her upper management to find out if an exception can be made for this type of funding. She was unable to provide a timeline for this decision. CM sent the following email to client on 3/17: "Good afternoon Victoria, I hope this email is ok… your voicemail seems to be full… Here’s the latest – I met with the Property Manager, and she informed me that she cannot approve your application without a full year of support (or you having income 2.5x the rent). She was unsure if she could offer a 6-month lease but will find out. I discussed the rapid rehousing program, and she was very understanding. She is going to propose an exception to her upper management, but we do not know if/when they will approve it. With that in mind, do you want to continue searching for another property while we wait? I fear that most of the “income-based” places we encounter will have similar rules because much of it stems from “compliance” and tax credit rules/requirements. If you want to look into a few places I’ve worked with in the past (no guarantees, but maybe somewhere to start looking again), maybe see what you think. Are you available to meet next week? I could do Monday 3/21 at 10:30 a.m. Please let me know if that will work for you. Best, LCSW ESG Clinical Case Manager"
As of 1:50 p.m., client has not presented to for scheduled appointment.
CM received the following email from at on this date at 1:17 p.m.: "Good Afternoon, Reaching out to see if you can send me all the information for voucher with the city of Austin? Also, we need to know the date you will be able to bring in that deposit payment? Thank you" CM replied at 1:47 p.m.: "Hello! I have attached a program support letter. She is enrolled in the ESG. Please note that we are also seeking longer-term financial support through vouchers and other programs as well. I can provide a check for the deposit (up to $2,300) when she has been approved for the unit, and after I have conducted a brief “habitability standards” inspection. In the meantime, I have also attached a promissory note to this effect. On that note, has she been approved for an apartment at your property? If so, can you please confirm her final security deposit/rent amounts and provide a move-in date? Thanks for all your help! Best, LCSW ESG Clinical Case Manager"
CM spoke with client via telephone on Tuesday 3/8. CL reported that is still waiting on compliance and has requested a promissory note for the security deposit amount. CM emailed the document to property management on that date. CM spoke with client the following day and confirmed a meeting on 3/10 at 1:00 p.m. at offices.
CM received a VM from client on this date requesting an update. CM called client at approximately 11:50 a.m. and left a VM. CM reported that the security deposit amount was approved, and compliance would likely take two weeks. CM offered to meet client next week on Thursday 3/10 a 1:00 p.m. CM requested client call back to confirm meeting time and her preferred location.
CM received a VM from client on Monday 2/28 requesting an update on the approval for her security deposit. CM attempted to call client, but there was no answer. CM presented to to request documentation of clients increased deposit. Staff provided a form showing deposit amounts for applicants with low credit scores. Staff also informed CM that client had been there earlier in the day to sign "compliance paperwork," and the compliance process would take a couple weeks. CM staffed the deposit amount with CMS, and he granted approval to use ESG funds for 1-month amount and general funds for the remainder. 
CM spoke with client on this date, and she provided account #. CM paid $100.04 balance via automated phone system. 
CM received multiple VMs on 2/24 from client inquiring about approval for her higher security deposit and utility arrears payment. CM attempted to call client to obtain her utility account number (client had agreed on 2/23 to email it to CM, but nothing had been received), but her VM was full. CM sent the following email on 2/24: "Good morning! Can you please provide your account number? I will need this to make the $100.04 payment this morning. Best"
CM sent the following emails to 2/24 and this date: "Hi there! Can I please get confirmation of the proposed security deposit amount for my client? Many thanks" "Good morning, Can you please provide information about the conditional approval/higher deposit for my client? Best, LCSW ESG Clinical Case Manager"
CM spoke with client via telephone on this date at approximately 4:15 p.m. CM explained that CM is waiting on documentation from the property. CL reported that she was told she may improve her application by resolving the $100.04 due. CM was driving at the time and unable to make the payment. CM and client called to get clients account number and instructions for making the payment. CM agreed to complete this the next morning. CL will sign final application documents for compliance. CM explained the next steps re: inspection, payment/checks, etc.
CM received numerous VMs from client regarding her application and correspondence, including that she was conditionally approved with a higher deposit/last month rent due to her credit score. CM attempted to call client on 2/22 for clarification but was unable to leave a VM. CM spoke with property staff and was informed that client would be charged a security deposit over $2,000. CM inquired if this was a single security deposit or security deposit and last months rent, and staff stated that it was a higher deposit (NOT the last months rent). CM requested this is writing to staff with a supervisor. Staff stated that she would email the information to CM. Nothing had been received on this date, and CM sent the following email at 3:07 p.m.: "Good afternoon! I understand that Ms. was approved with an additional deposit. Can you please send details about that deposit amount? I will need to consult with my supervisor to make sure we can cover the higher deposit. If it’s easier, you can just complete the attached Landlord Verification form and return it to me. Many thanks!! Best"
CM spoke with client via telephone on 2/17 at approximately 4:00 p.m. CL reported that she had spoken with property staff, who had informed her that she would need to resolve her debt to to be approved. CM instructed client to present to triage the next day to meet with CM and call the to make this payment. CL stated that she would arrive at 11:00 a.m.
CM spoke with client via telephone on 2/16 at approximately 1:00 p.m.; she reported that her vehicle would not start and needed gas. CM met client at and provided transportation. CM and client toured a model unit, client completed rental application, and $25 application fee was paid with money order. CM emailed supporting documents (program support letter, promissory letter, ESA letter). CM provided transportation back, and client was given ONE 1-DAY BUS PASS, ONE GIFT CARD, AND ONE GIFT CARD.
CM received a VM from client on 2/15 at 4:45 p.m. She reported that she would like to apply. CM spoke with client on this date at approximately 8:30 a.m. CM and client scheduled to meet at the at 1:00 p.m., so client can put gas in her vehicle prior to visiting the property. CM will also obtain a $25 money order for the application fee. 
LATE ENTRY: CM received a VM from client on Wednesday 2/9, stating that she had met with leasing staff at and would like to schedule a time to visit together for a tour and to complete an application. CM attempted to call client on 2/10, but the VM was full. CM sent the following email: "Good afternoon! I tried returning your call, but the voicemail is full… hopefully you get this message! I’d love to set up a time to visit with you. I called the property and left a message to have call me back, and hopefully we can figure out next steps. Great work! Best, LCSW" CL replied on Friday 2/11: "was super snooty and pretty rude to me when I toured. It was like she didn’t want me to rent there and pretty much wouldn’t even answer my questions. I will be continuing my search today. I’m not thrilled with the property either so while I did put in an application because beggars can’t be choosers, I would much rather find a place that's a better fit. Thanks so much for getting back to me. I’ll clear my voicemail and give you a call today. Will you be in the office at all today or maybe I could meet you out in the field so I could maybe get a gas card or few to be able to go hunting for a place this week? Let me know! Thanks again!!"
CM attempted to call client on this date at approximately 3:05 p.m. and received a message that the number cannot receive calls at this time.
[CM HAS BEEN OUT ON SICK LEAVE SINCE 1/19] CM received a VM from client on 1/19 at 4:20 p.m. stating that she slept through the appointment that day and requesting to reschedule. 
ATTENTION TRIAGE CASE MANAGER: DUE TO UNSCHEDULED SICK LEAVE, THIS CM IS NOT AVAILABLE TO MEET WITH CLIENT TODAY. IF NEEDED, THIS CM CAN BE REACHED VIA TELEPHONE/TEAMS. If client presents to triage, please PRINT application documents in clients confidential file (subfolder Housing docs/ application docs). CL can complete these documents. Please also PRINT "VF Program Support letter 010722" and "VF Promissory Letter 010722." CL can deliver her application and these supporting documents. CM can provide a money order for the application fee next week, unless client chooses to provide these funds herself. CL can be given TWO GIFT CARDS (her choice).
CM spoke with client via telephone on 1/18. CL requested assistance completing an application. CM and client scheduled a meeting at on 1/19 at 2:30 p.m.
ATTENTION TRIAGE CASE MANAGER: If client presents, please provide TWO GIFT CARDS (clients choice).
CM received a VM from client on 1/5 stating that she had made an appointment at to complete an application on 1/6 at 2:30 p.m., during CMs meeting. CM called client a few times prior to the meeting on 1/6 and spoke with client at approximately 2:25 p.m. CL reported that she had learned that has 2br units available for the price of 1br units, and she would prefer to apply there. CM met client at at approximately 3:00 p.m. Leasing staff provided an application packet and instructed client to complete/return it. CM and client also traveled to and learned that they will be accepting applications for 1br units soon. CL and CM provided contact information to be notified if/when any become available. CM informed client that CM will be out of the office the next week but could provide a program support letter and promissory note for application fees, if client should decide to submit any applications while CM is out. CL acknowledged and expressed motivation to do. CL was given TWO GIFT CARDS.
CM spoke with client via telephone at approximately 11:10 a.m. She reported that she slept through Mondays meeting. CM and client scheduled a meeting for Thursday 1/6 at 2:30 p.m.. CM and client discussed some possible housing options, and client stated that she would call/visit some prior to tomorrows meeting. 
CL did not present to for meeting on 1/3. She left CM a VM requesting a call back at 5:30 p.m.
LATE ENTRY - CM spoke with client via telephone on Thursday 12/30. Meeting was scheduled at on Monday 1/3 at 12:00 p.m.
CM received a VM from client on Monday 12/13 at approximately 11:45 a.m. stating that she was driving back to Austin and should arrive around 1:00 p.m. CM received another VM at approximately 12:30 p.m. stating that client was driving fast but only to Waco. CL requested to reschedule. CM attempted to return clients call multiple times, but the VM box was full. CM received another VM from client on Wednesday 12/15 stating that she now has a vehicle and would like to meet with CM. CM attempted to call client, but client did not answer, and the VM box was full.
CM called client at approximately 1:10 p.m. to apologize and explain that CM would be late for the meeting. CL acknowledged. CM arrived to at approximately 1:50 p.m. CL stated that she needed to leave at 2:00 p.m. She reported some difficulty finding properties that would consider funding in lieu of income and requested CMs assistance identifying possible properties. CM agreed to do so. CM and client will visit properties on Monday 12/13 at 12:30 p.m. CL was given ONE 7-DAY BUS PASS and ONE GIFT CARD.
CM spoke with client via telephone on 12/7 at approximately 3:30 p.m. CL reported that she would like to apply for a unit and requested assistance with the application fee. CM was in the field and requested client call CM with information on how to make the payment. CL left a VM later in the afternoon stating that the fee could be paid online with a routing/bank account number. CM spoke with client again on this date at approximately 11:00 a.m. CL reported that there are no current vacant units at , and she would like to look elsewhere. CL inquired about Leander, TX, and CM confirmed that 78641 is within the service area. CL plans to view a property in Leander today and will provide information to CM tomorrow. A follow-up meeting was scheduled for 12/9 at 1:00 p.m.
CM attempted to call client on this date and received a message that the VM has not been set up yet.
CM arrived to at approximately 1:10 p.m. CL was not present. CM called client but was unable to leave a message. CM entered the leasing office to look for client, but she was not present. CM was informed that there is one 1br unit available for $1,059 ($15 app and $150 security deposit due at application). Upon returning to the vehicle, CM found a VM from client stating that she had forgotten the appointment to due her uncle's death this morning. She offered to meet another day and requested a callback to schedule. CM attempted to call client at 1:20 p.m. but was unable to leave a message.
CM spoke with client via telephone at approximately 12:30 p.m. CL reported some emergent family issues and requested to reschedule. Appointment was changed to Monday 11/22 at 1:00 p.m.
CM met client on 11/15 at on Slaughter at approximately 1:30 p.m. CM conducted Basic Needs Assessment. CL reported that she has had her own housing until age 37, at which point she became addicted to meth. CL reported that she has been to treatment and is interested in continuing on an outpatient basis. CL reported that she has been sober for a few weeks and regularly takes an alternative to suboxone. CL expressed excitement that her boyfriend will be released this Friday, 11/19, and she stated that she expects him to propose. CL reported that she believes her mother has early symptoms of dementia/alzheimers and has been verbally/physically abusive to her. CL recalled an incident in which she called the police when her mother hit her with a glass bottle. CL presented her SSC and requested it be stored. CL requested assistance obtaining a birth certificate and finding housing. CM agreed to attempt to schedule a tour at later this week. CL requested transportation to her mothers home, so she can get transportation to a job with a friend. CM provided transportation. CL was given ONE 7-DAY BUS PASS and ONE GIFT CARD.
CM received a VM from client on 11/8 requesting to meet in south Austin, rather than the apartment on Romeria. CM spoke with client via telephone and agreed to meet at a location on Slaughter and IH-35. CM arrived to the Slaughter/35 location at approximately 1:00 p.m. and called client, who reported that her mother was providing transportation from Buda, and they had not left yet. CM agreed to meet at the Buda but stressed that the meeting would be shorter than planned. CL acknowledged. CM met client and her mother at the Buda and conducted the appointment in the City vehicle. CM clarified details/process of the ESG program, and client agreed to participate. CL completed intake paperwork, including ESG Homeless Eligibility form, Program Agreement, Stability & Service Plan, Financial Assistance Agreement, Grievance Policy, Exiting CM Policy, NOPP, and relevant ROIs. CL reported that she has been homeless for the last three years, most of which were spent in Tulsa. She arrived to Austin about three months ago and typically stays on 290/IH-35. Her mother lives in Buda, and client reports that she occasionally goes there to take showers, but her mother will not let her sleep there unless she tests negative for drugs. CL's mother provided verbal verification of clients homeless status for the last three years. CL reported that her significant other will be released from incarceration soon, and she hopes that he will propose and they will live together. A follow-up appointment was scheduled for Monday 11/15 at 1:00 p.m. at Pho Thaison on Slaughter.
CM spoke with client via telephone  at approximately 2:00 p.m. CL expressed interest in RRH program and stated that she would like to apply. CM and client scheduled an intake on Monday 11/8 at 1:00 p.m. at her friend Amy's apartment. 
CM sent the following email to clients email address on HMIS : "Good afternoon! I am a case manager. You have been referred for our Rapid Rehousing program. Please let me know if you are interested in this program, and we can schedule a meeting to discuss further. You can reach me at this email address. You can also come to in person and speak with a triage case manager to schedule an appointment with me. We are located on the first floor. I look forward to speaking with you soon!, LMSW ESG Clinical Case Manager"
CL was referred by for a program. The following message has been added to clients HMIS profile: "Please have client contact ESG Clinical Case Manager regarding housing assistance. CM Kate can be reached."
Volunteer case VC101223 created for client on this date.